<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html [
  <!ENTITY % htmlDTD
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
  %htmlDTD;
  <!ENTITY % netErrorDTD
    SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/netError.dtd">
  %netErrorDTD;

<!ENTITY loadError.label "页面载入出错">
<!ENTITY retry.label "重试">
<!-- Specific error messages -->


<!ENTITY connectionFailure.title "无法连接">
<!ENTITY connectionFailure.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY deniedPortAccess.title "此地址访问受限">
<!ENTITY deniedPortAccess.longDesc "">

<!ENTITY dnsNotFound.title "找不到服务器">
<!ENTITY dnsNotFound.longDesc "<ul> <li>请检查该地址是否输入错误，比如将<q><strong>www</strong>.example.com</q>错写成<q><strong>ww</strong>.example.com</q></li><li>如果您无法载入任何页面，请检查您计算机的网络连接。</li><li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 &brandShortName; 已被授权访问网络。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY fileNotFound.title "未找到文件">
<!ENTITY fileNotFound.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>请检查文件名的大小写或者其他输入错误。</li> 
<li>请检查文件是否已被移动，重命名或删除。</li> 
</ul>">


<!ENTITY generic.title "哎呀。">
<!ENTITY generic.longDesc "<p>&brandShortName; 因未知原因无法载入此页面。</p>">

<!ENTITY malformedURI.title "无效的地址">
<!ENTITY malformedURI.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>网页地址通常格式为 
<strong>http://www.example.com/</strong></li> 
<li>请确认您使用的是正斜杠（即 
<strong>/</strong>）。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY netInterrupt.title "连接被中断">
<!ENTITY netInterrupt.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY notCached.title "文档已过期">
<!ENTITY notCached.longDesc "<p>请求的文档已无法在 &brandShortName; 的缓存中找到。</p><ul><li>出于安全考虑，&brandShortName; 不会自动重新获取敏感文档。</li><li>请点击重试来重新请求从网站获取该文档。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY netOffline.title "脱机模式">
<!ENTITY netOffline.longDesc2 "<ul> 
<li>按“重试”切换到在线模式并重新加载此页面。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY contentEncodingError.title "内容编码错误">
<!ENTITY contentEncodingError.longDesc "<ul><li>请联系网站的所有者以告知此问题。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY unsafeContentType.title "不安全的文件类型">
<!ENTITY unsafeContentType.longDesc "<ul><li>请联系网站的所有者以告知此问题。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY netReset.title "连接被重置">
<!ENTITY netReset.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY netTimeout.title "连接超时">
<!ENTITY netTimeout.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY unknownProtocolFound.title "无法理解该地址">
<!ENTITY unknownProtocolFound.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>您可能需要安装其他软件以打开此地址。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY proxyConnectFailure.title "代理服务器拒绝连接">
<!ENTITY proxyConnectFailure.longDesc "<ul><li>请检查浏览器的代理服务器设置是否正确。</li><li>请联系您的网络管理员以确认代理服务器工作正常。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY proxyResolveFailure.title "无法找到代理服务器">
<!ENTITY proxyResolveFailure.longDesc "<ul><li>请检查浏览器的代理服务器设置是否正确。</li><li>请检查确认您的计算机有可用的网络连接。</li><li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 &brandShortName; 已被授权访问网络。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY redirectLoop.title "此页面不能正确地重定向">
<!ENTITY redirectLoop.longDesc "<ul><li>此问题可能是因为禁用或拒绝 Cookie 导致。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY unknownSocketType.title "意外的服务器响应">
<!ENTITY unknownSocketType.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>请检查您的系统是否安装了个人安全管理器（PSM）。</li> 
<li>这可能是由于服务器端的非标准配置所导致。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY nssFailure2.title "安全连接失败">
<!ENTITY nssFailure2.longDesc2 "<ul> 
<li>您尝试查看的页面无法显示，因为已收到数据的可靠性无法证实。</li> 
<li>请联系网站的所有者，告知他们这个问题。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY nssBadCert.title "安全连接失败">
<!ENTITY nssBadCert.longDesc2 "<ul> 
<li>这可能是服务器配置的问题，或者有人尝试冒充该服务器所致。</li> 
<li>如果您之前曾成功连接该服务器，那么此错误可能是暂时的，您可以稍后再试。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY sharedLongDesc "<ul> 
<li>此站点暂时不可用或者太忙。请稍后再试。</li> 
<li>如果您无法载入任何页面，请检查您计算机的网络连接。</li> 
<li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 &brandShortName; 已被授权访问网络。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY malwareBlocked.title "可疑的攻击站点！">
<!ENTITY malwareBlocked.longDesc " <p>攻击站点尝试通过安装程序来盗取隐私数据、使用您的计算机攻击他人或者破坏您的系统。</p> <p>网站所有者若认为自己的站点被错误地报告为攻击站点，可以<a href='http://www.stopbadware.org/home/reviewinfo' >请求评审</a>。</p> ">

<!ENTITY unwantedBlocked.title "疑似不受欢迎软件的网站！">
<!ENTITY unwantedBlocked.longDesc "不受欢迎软件的页面可能会尝试安装欺骗性或者以预期之外方式影响您的系统的软件。">

<!ENTITY phishingBlocked.title "可疑的钓鱼网站！">
<!ENTITY phishingBlocked.longDesc " <p>在本页面输入个人信息可能会导致账号被盗或其他危险。</p><p>这类钓鱼网站常含有被称为“钓鱼攻击”的诈骗行为，这些伪装的网页或邮件地址可能用来假冒成您信任的源地址以实施诈骗。</p> ">

<!ENTITY cspBlocked.title "由于内容安全策略而被阻止">
<!ENTITY cspBlocked.longDesc "<p>&brandShortName; 阻止了这个页面载入，因为这个页面的内容安全政策不允许其以这种方式被载入。</p>">

<!ENTITY corruptedContentError.title "内容损坏错误">
<!ENTITY corruptedContentError.longDesc "<p>您尝试查看的页面无法显示，因为检测到一个数据传输错误。</p><ul><li>请联系网站所有者告知此问题。</li></ul>">


<!ENTITY securityOverride.linkText "或者，您可以添加一个例外…">
<!ENTITY securityOverride.getMeOutOfHereButton "离开这里！">
<!ENTITY securityOverride.exceptionButtonLabel "添加例外…">
<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (securityOverride.warningContent) - Do not translate the
contents of the <button> tags. It uses strings already defined above. The
button is included here (instead of netError.xhtml) because it exposes
functionality specific to firefox. -->


<!ENTITY securityOverride.warningContent "<p>如果您使用的是一个您不能完全信任的互联网连接，或者您并不使用警告的此服务器，您不应该添加一个例外。</p> 
 
<button id='getMeOutOfHereButton'>&securityOverride.getMeOutOfHereButton;</button> 
<button id='exceptionDialogButton'>&securityOverride.exceptionButtonLabel;</button>">

<!ENTITY errorReporting.title "回报此错误">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.longDesc "回报 <span id='hostname'></span> 的地址与证书信息能够帮助我们识别并封锁恶意网站。感谢您帮助我们打造更安全的网络！">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.automatic "自动回报未来的错误">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.learnMore "详细了解…">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.sending "正在发送报告">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.sent "报告已发送">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.report "报告">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.tryAgain "重试">

<!ENTITY remoteXUL.title "远程 XUL">
<!ENTITY remoteXUL.longDesc "<p><ul><li>请联系网站拥有者告知这个问题。</li></ul></p>">

<!ENTITY sslv3Used.title "无法安全地连接">
<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (sslv3Used.longDesc) - Do not translate
     "ssl_error_unsupported_version". -->
<!ENTITY sslv3Used.longDesc "专业信息: ssl_error_unsupported_version">
<!ENTITY sslv3Used.learnMore "了解详情…">

  <!ENTITY % globalDTD
    SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/global.dtd">
  %globalDTD;
]>
<!-- This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
   - License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
   - file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/. -->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>页面载入出错</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="a_data_003/aboutNetError.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
    <!-- If the location of the favicon is changed here, the FAVICON_ERRORPAGE_URL symbol in
         toolkit/components/places/src/nsFaviconService.h should be updated. -->
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" id="favicon" href="chrome://global/skin/icons/warning-16.png" />

    <script type="application/javascript"><![CDATA[
      // Error url MUST be formatted like this:
      //   moz-neterror:page?e=error&u=url&d=desc
      //
      // or optionally, to specify an alternate CSS class to allow for
      // custom styling and favicon:
      //
      //   moz-neterror:page?e=error&u=url&s=classname&d=desc

      // Note that this file uses document.documentURI to get
      // the URL (with the format from above). This is because
      // document.location.href gets the current URI off the docshell,
      // which is the URL displayed in the location bar, i.e.
      // the URI that the user attempted to load.

      function getErrorCode()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var error = url.search(/e\=/);
        var duffUrl = url.search(/\&u\=/);
        return decodeURIComponent(url.slice(error + 2, duffUrl));
      }

      function getCSSClass()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var matches = url.match(/s\=([^&]+)\&/);
        // s is optional, if no match just return nothing
        if (!matches || matches.length < 2)
          return "";

        // parenthetical match is the second entry
        return decodeURIComponent(matches[1]);
      }

      function getDescription()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var desc = url.search(/d\=/);

        // desc == -1 if not found; if so, return an empty string
        // instead of what would turn out to be portions of the URI
        if (desc == -1)
          return "";

        return decodeURIComponent(url.slice(desc + 2));
      }

      function retryThis(buttonEl)
      {
        // Note: The application may wish to handle switching off "offline mode"
        // before this event handler runs, but using a capturing event handler.

        // Session history has the URL of the page that failed
        // to load, not the one of the error page. So, just call
        // reload(), which will also repost POST data correctly.
        try {
          location.reload();
        } catch (e) {
          // We probably tried to reload a URI that caused an exception to
          // occur;  e.g. a nonexistent file.
        }

        buttonEl.disabled = true;
      }

      function toggleDisplay(node) {
        toggle = {
          '': 'block',
          'none': 'block',
          'block': 'none'
        };
        node.style.display = toggle[node.style.display];
      }

      function showCertificateErrorReporting() {
        // Display error reporting UI
        document.getElementById('certificateErrorReporting').style.display = 'block';

        // Get the hostname and add it to the panel
        document.getElementById('hostname').textContent = document.location.hostname;

        // Register click handler for the certificateErrorReportingPanel
        document.getElementById('showCertificateErrorReportingPanel')
                .addEventListener('click', function togglePanelVisibility() {
          var panel = document.getElementById('certificateErrorReportingPanel');
          toggleDisplay(panel);

          if (panel.style.display == "block") {
            // send event to trigger telemetry ping
            var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorUIExpanded", {bubbles:true});
            document.dispatchEvent(event);
          }
        });
      }


      function sendErrorReport() {
        var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorSendReport", {bubbles:true});

        document.dispatchEvent(event);
      }

      function initPage()
      {
        var err = getErrorCode();

        // if it's an unknown error or there's no title or description
        // defined, get the generic message
        var errTitle = document.getElementById("et_" + err);
        var errDesc  = document.getElementById("ed_" + err);
        if (!errTitle || !errDesc)
        {
          errTitle = document.getElementById("et_generic");
          errDesc  = document.getElementById("ed_generic");
        }

        var title = document.getElementById("errorTitleText");
        if (title)
        {
          title.parentNode.replaceChild(errTitle, title);
          // change id to the replaced child's id so styling works
          errTitle.id = "errorTitleText";
        }

        var sd = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText");
        if (sd)
          sd.textContent = getDescription();

        var ld = document.getElementById("errorLongDesc");
        if (ld)
        {
          ld.parentNode.replaceChild(errDesc, ld);
          // change id to the replaced child's id so styling works
          errDesc.id = "errorLongDesc";
        }

        if (err == "sslv3Used") {
          var learnMoreText = document.getElementById("learn_more_ssl3");

          document.getElementById("errorTitle").setAttribute("sslv3", "true");

          var retryBtn = document.getElementById("errorTryAgain");
          retryBtn.textContent = learnMoreText.textContent;
          retryBtn.setAttribute("onclick", "learnMoreSSLV3()");
        }

        // remove undisplayed errors to avoid bug 39098
        var errContainer = document.getElementById("errorContainer");
        errContainer.parentNode.removeChild(errContainer);

        var className = getCSSClass();
        if (className && className != "expertBadCert") {
          // Associate a CSS class with the root of the page, if one was passed in,
          // to allow custom styling.
          // Not "expertBadCert" though, don't want to deal with the favicon
          document.documentElement.className = className;

          // Also, if they specified a CSS class, they must supply their own
          // favicon.  In order to trigger the browser to repaint though, we
          // need to remove/add the link element.
          var favicon = document.getElementById("favicon");
          var faviconParent = favicon.parentNode;
          faviconParent.removeChild(favicon);
          favicon.setAttribute("href", "chrome://global/skin/icons/" + className + "_favicon.png");
          faviconParent.appendChild(favicon);
        }
        if (className == "expertBadCert") {
          showSecuritySection();
        }

        if (err == "remoteXUL") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for remote XUL errors given that
          // it is useless.
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
        }

        if (err == "cspBlocked") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for CSP violations, since it's
          // almost certainly useless. (Bug 553180)
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
        }

        window.addEventListener("AboutNetErrorOptions", function(evt) {
        // Pinning errors are of type nssFailure2
          if (getErrorCode() == "nssFailure2") {
            var learnMoreLink = document.getElementById("learnMoreLink");
            // nssFailure2 also gets us other non-overrideable errors. Choose
            // a "learn more" link based on description:
            if (getDescription().includes("mozilla_pkix_error_key_pinning_failure")) {
              learnMoreLink.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/certificate-pinning-reports";
            }

            var options = JSON.parse(evt.detail);
            if (options && options.enabled) {
              var checkbox = document.getElementById('automaticallyReportInFuture');
              showCertificateErrorReporting();
              if (options.automatic) {
                // set the checkbox
                checkbox.checked = true;
              }

              checkbox.addEventListener('change', function(evt) {
                  var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorSetAutomatic",
                    {bubbles:true, detail:evt.target.checked});
                  document.dispatchEvent(event);
                }, false);

              var reportBtn = document.getElementById('reportCertificateError');
              var retryBtn = document.getElementById('reportCertificateErrorRetry');

              reportBtn.addEventListener('click', sendErrorReport, false);
              retryBtn.addEventListener('click', sendErrorReport, false);
            }
          }
        }.bind(this), true, true);

        var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorLoad", {bubbles:true});
        document.dispatchEvent(event);

        if (err == "nssBadCert") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for security exceptions, since it's
          // almost certainly useless.
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
          document.getElementById("errorPageContainer").setAttribute("class", "certerror");
          addDomainErrorLink();
        }
        else {
          // Remove the override block for non-certificate errors.  CSS-hiding
          // isn't good enough here, because of bug 39098
          var secOverride = document.getElementById("securityOverrideDiv");
          secOverride.parentNode.removeChild(secOverride);
        }
      }

      function showSecuritySection() {
        // Swap link out, content in
        document.getElementById('securityOverrideContent').style.display = '';
        document.getElementById('securityOverrideLink').style.display = 'none';
      }

      /* In the case of SSL error pages about domain mismatch, see if
         we can hyperlink the user to the correct site.  We don't want
         to do this generically since it allows MitM attacks to redirect
         users to a site under attacker control, but in certain cases
         it is safe (and helpful!) to do so.  Bug 402210
      */
      function addDomainErrorLink() {
        // Rather than textContent, we need to treat description as HTML
        var sd = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText");
        if (sd) {
          var desc = getDescription();

          // sanitize description text - see bug 441169

          // First, find the index of the <a> tag we care about, being careful not to
          // use an over-greedy regex
          var re = /<a id="cert_domain_link" title="([^"]+)">/;
          var result = re.exec(desc);
          if(!result)
            return;

          // Remove sd's existing children
          sd.textContent = "";

          // Everything up to the link should be text content
          sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(0, result.index)));

          // Now create the link itself
          var anchorEl = document.createElement("a");
          anchorEl.setAttribute("id", "cert_domain_link");
          anchorEl.setAttribute("title", result[1]);
          anchorEl.appendChild(document.createTextNode(result[1]));
          sd.appendChild(anchorEl);

          // Finally, append text for anything after the closing </a>
          sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(desc.indexOf("</a>") + "</a>".length)));
        }

        var link = document.getElementById('cert_domain_link');
        if (!link)
          return;

        var okHost = link.getAttribute("title");
        var thisHost = document.location.hostname;
        var proto = document.location.protocol;

        // If okHost is a wildcard domain ("*.example.com") let's
        // use "www" instead.  "*.example.com" isn't going to
        // get anyone anywhere useful. bug 432491
        okHost = okHost.replace(/^\*\./, "www.");

        /* case #1:
         * example.com uses an invalid security certificate.
         *
         * The certificate is only valid for www.example.com
         *
         * Make sure to include the "." ahead of thisHost so that
         * a MitM attack on paypal.com doesn't hyperlink to "notpaypal.com"
         *
         * We'd normally just use a RegExp here except that we lack a
         * library function to escape them properly (bug 248062), and
         * domain names are famous for having '.' characters in them,
         * which would allow spurious and possibly hostile matches.
         */
        if (endsWith(okHost, "." + thisHost))
          link.href = proto + okHost;

        /* case #2:
         * browser.garage.maemo.org uses an invalid security certificate.
         *
         * The certificate is only valid for garage.maemo.org
         */
        if (endsWith(thisHost, "." + okHost))
          link.href = proto + okHost;
      }

      function endsWith(haystack, needle) {
        return haystack.slice(-needle.length) == needle;
      }

      function learnMoreSSLV3() {
        location.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/how-resolve-sslv3-error-messages-firefox";
        // Ensure users don't re-click the button:
        e.target.disabled = true;
      }
    ]]></script>
  </head>

  <body dir="ltr">

    <!-- ERROR ITEM CONTAINER (removed during loading to avoid bug 39098) -->
    

    <!-- PAGE CONTAINER (for styling purposes only) -->
    <div id="errorPageContainer">

      <!-- Error Title -->
      <div id="errorTitle">
        <h1 id="errorTitleText">连接被重置</h1>
      </div>

      <!-- LONG CONTENT (the section most likely to require scrolling) -->
      <div id="errorLongContent">

        <!-- Short Description -->
        <div id="errorShortDesc">
          <p id="errorShortDescText">载入页面时到服务器的连接被重置。</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Long Description (Note: See netError.dtd for used XHTML tags) -->
        <div id="errorLongDesc"><ul> 
<li>此站点暂时不可用或者太忙。请稍后再试。</li> 
<li>如果您无法载入任何页面，请检查您计算机的网络连接。</li> 
<li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 Firefox 已被授权访问网络。</li> 
</ul></div>

        <!-- Override section - For ssl errors only.  Removed on init for other
             error types.  -->
        

      </div>

      <!-- Retry Button -->
      <button id="errorTryAgain" autocomplete="off" onclick="retryThis(this);">重试</button>
      <script>
        // Only do autofocus if we're the toplevel frame; otherwise we
        // don't want to call attention to ourselves!  The key part is
        // that autofocus happens on insertion into the tree, so we
        // can remove the button, add @autofocus, and reinsert the
        // button.
        if (window.top == window) {
            var button = document.getElementById("errorTryAgain");
            var nextSibling = button.nextSibling;
            var parent = button.parentNode;
            parent.removeChild(button);
            button.setAttribute("autofocus", "true");
            parent.insertBefore(button, nextSibling);
        }
      </script>

      <!-- UI for option to report certificate errors to Mozilla. Removed on
           init for other error types .-->
      <div id="certificateErrorReporting">
        <a id="showCertificateErrorReportingPanel" href="#">回报此错误<span class="downArrow"> ▼</span></a>
      </div>

      <div id="certificateErrorReportingPanel">
        <div id="certificateErrorReportingDescription">
          <p>回报 <span id="hostname"></span> 的地址与证书信息能够帮助我们识别并封锁恶意网站。感谢您帮助我们打造更安全的网络！</p>
          <p>
            <input type="checkbox" id="automaticallyReportInFuture" />
            <label for="automaticallyReportInFuture" id="automaticallyReportInFuture">自动回报未来的错误</label>
          </p>
        </div>
        <div id="errorStatePanel">
          <a href="https://support.mozilla.org/kb/tls-error-reports" id="learnMoreLink" target="new">详细了解…</a>
          <span id="reportingState">
            <button id="reportCertificateError">报告</button>
            <button id="reportCertificateErrorRetry">重试</button>
            <span id="reportSendingMessage">正在发送报告</span>
            <span id="reportSentMessage">报告已发送</span>
          </span>
        </div>
      </div>

    </div>

    <!--
    - Note: It is important to run the script this way, instead of using
    - an onload handler. This is because error pages are loaded as
    - LOAD_BACKGROUND, which means that onload handlers will not be executed.
    -->
    <script type="application/javascript">initPage();</script>

  </body>
</html>